we are we gotta prove every single day
before you it's gonna come down to Rises
it gotta be last year's d1 finale a
coming-out party for Cass Tech against
these very same shamrocks CC played all
year for a chance of redemption the day
of reckoning multiplies Cass Tech
sophomore single colour sensation J root
Campbell ended up in last year's finale
to the tune of five touchdowns first
offensive play forecast sideline
slingshots to the U of M commits Jordan
Lewis give him 689 yard Rumble Cass Tech
jumps out six nothing minutes later CC
trying to make amends but oh oh Anthony
D'Arcangelo drops the rock senior
lineman Kenton Gibbs says thank you very
much 58 yard TD scamper has tech up 12
de nothing to the second down shamrocks
driving senior QB Garrett Morris finds a
wide open Zach buck just like that it
was 12 to 7 Cass wood at a field goal
before the half and take a 15 to 7 lead
into the locker room to lead no doubt
it's Nielsen's out in the air
in the third cast doing what day to make
big plays sophomore Mike Webber ran for
120 yards on 20 carries this third and
long almost finds the endzone he stepped
out of bounds
so the junior DeAndre junior did the
honors chat stack up 22 to 7 moved to
the final quarter now more technicians
the ground-attack working all day 315
yards as a team in two touchdowns the
second one coming courtesy the sophomore
Campbell the cast tech lead now 22 CC
was able to retort to make it twenty
nine to 13 shamrocks backed with the
ball but Moore's pass picked off by the
senior delano Hill this 84 yard
interception return put this one out of
reach catholic central would add one
more score but too little too late
36 to 21 the final pass tech captures
its second straight state pie
I'm here with Jordan Lewis and Wow
congratulations a year ago today we're
here for a repeat your state champs
again how you feeling great is this a
good feeling you know I just
come out on top you know go and college
with momentum alright well
congratulations thank you